hey everyone listen listen get around
okay I saw a monster it came to me from
out of the side made a sound I thought a
mythical creature I have only heard
exist in legend yeah I did
no I did no I saw it doesn't exist get
this ridiculous story and tell the truth
I am telling the truth
we believe you Nicci
welcome to the SES stands for small foot
exist suckers
we have been collecting proof of the
small foots existence behold the scroll
of invisible wisdom imagine amazing
stuff they put on here this proves
nothing
I know what I saw wait he's gone
I should introduce myself small foot oh
that's supposed to fall out like that
[Music]
[Applause]